
'''A1

1. START

2. Declare 3 lists Say group A, group B and group c for cricket, badminton and football.

3. Take input from user.

4. Print the lists...

5. Find out the names of students who play both cricket and badminton, either cricket or badminton but not both, neither cricket nor badminton, cricket and football but not badminton

6. Display result.

7. STOP

A2

Start

create empty list

Enter total number of students.

Store student marks in list

Write Function to calculate average marks of class

Write Function to find lowest marks of class.

Write function to find highest marks of class

Write function to count absent students in test.

Write Functions to count marks of maximum. Frequency

Exit

A5

Start

SHP2 Take String from user

SHP 3 : Display word with the longest length.

Skp 4

1: Find Frequency of occurrence of particular character in the string. "Check that given string is palindrome or not

Step 5

SHP 6

• Display index of first apperance of the Substring

Shp 7

Count the occurence of each word in a giren string

Sep 8

Stop

A7

START

STEP 2: Take user input for number of rows say n.

STEP 3: Define a function and apply necessary condition..

STEP 4: Display the result.

STEP 5: STOP.

B11a

Step1: START

step 2: Declare an array say 'art'

step 3: Take input from user ie present toll numbers and roll number to be searched.

step 4: Define function to find given roll number using linear and sentinel search.

Step 5: Display result.

Step 6: STOP!

B11b

START

STEP 2: Declare an array say 'arr?

STEP 3: Take input From user about student roll number

STEP 4: Define function to find given roll number ie Key element using binary and Fibonacci search.

STEP 5: Display the result

STEP STOP.

B14

SHP 1: START

step 2: Declare Function for accept array

Step 3: Declare Function for display array step 4: Declare Function for selection sort

steps: Declare Function for bubble sort.

step6: Display First year percentage of students.

step 7: Display Sorled array 
Step 8: Display sorted array using array using bubble sort

Selection sost


step9: Display top five student scores of the array 

B15

Step 1: Start

step2: Ener the number of students from user

step3: Declare the function to display array step 4: Declare a function for insertion sort

sep s: Declare a function for shell sort.

Step 6: Display second year percentage of students.

Sup 7: Display sorted array by using insertion sort. Step 8: Display Sorted array by usinfo shell sort

sup 9: Display top five scores of students.

SHO 10: STOP!

C19

Stepl:- Start

Step 2: Create a class Declare Functions insert() delete () and display()

Step 3: Write the main function with do - while loop and switch case.

step 4: In switch case call the functions oneby one.

Step 5: Declare last case as wrong choice.

Step 6: Stop

C22

SHPI: Start

step 2: Creak struct Node

step 3: Declare class info and call various functions in it.

Step 4: Accept student data for both set A and B

steps: Define function to display data.

step6: In main, display menu showing different linked list operation to be performed.

Step 7: Display output

Step 8: Stop

C23

Stept Start

step 2: Create a class. Declare Functions for addition, is complement & 2's complement

Step 3: write the main function with do - while loop and switch loop.

Step 4: In switch case call the functions one by one steps: Declare last case as wrong choice.

Step 6: STOP

D25


Step1: Start

Step 2: Declare a variable say data

Step 3: Take input from user

Step 4: Define functions to check whether the String is palindrome or not and reverse string

steps: Display result

step: Stop

D27

Step1: Start

Step2: perlare variable say infix expression an postfix - expression

step 3: Take input from user ie expression

Step 4: Define Function to convert infix expression to postfix

steps: Display result.

steps: Stop.

E29


Step1: Start

step2: (reate a class Queue.

step 3: Declare Function insert (), delete (), display()

Stepy write main function with do - while loop. and switch case.

steps: Enter the choices in switch case.

Step 6: Stop.

E 30

SHPI: START

Step 2: Create a class. Declare Function insert() delete() and display ()

step 3: write the main function with do while loop. und switch case.

Step 4: In switch case call the functions one by one

steps: Declare last case as wrong choice

SHP6: STOP.

E32


STEP 1 START

STEP 2: Accept the number of orders from customer

STEP 3: Write a function to serve the or ders

STEP 4: Display the number of orders remaining to serve 

STEP 5: STOP
'''




